chore(docs): slim home page updates (#1750)
agntcy/slim: docs/content/index.md

Reviewer: Lets reorder these cards, Introduction first, then Get Started.

Reviewer: Lets reframe this as "Data Plane Config Reference"

Reviewer: Reframe as "Controller Config Reference" and the link should go to: slim/slim-controller/#controller-configuration

Reviewer: Change this link to `http://127.0.0.1:8000/community/#repositories`

Reviewer: I'm not even sure we need this card actually we have Github at the top of the page, and we also have the link in the corner so it seems like we have this repeated a lot.

---

<div class="slim-landing">

<section class="slim-hero">
  <div class="slim-hero__inner">
    <h1 class="slim-hero__title">Secure Low-Latency Interactive Messaging</h1>
    <div class="slim-hero__partner">
      <span class="slim-hero__partner-text">part of</span>
      <a
        href="https://www.linuxfoundation.org/press/linux-foundation-welcomes-the-agntcy-project-to-standardize-open-multi-agent-system-infrastructure-and-break-down-ai-agent-silos"
        target="_blank"
        rel="noopener noreferrer"
      >
        <picture>
          <source
            media="(max-width: 59.9375em)"
            srcset="assets/lf-stacked-white.png"
          />
          <img
            src="assets/lf-horizontal-white.png"
            alt="Linux Foundation"
            class="slim-hero__partner-logo"
          />
        </picture>
      </a>
    </div>
    <div class="slim-hero-tagline-rotate" data-slim-hero-tagline>
      <p class="slim-hero__tagline slim-hero-tagline-rotate__text">
        The secure transport layer for A2A, MCP, and SLIMRPC.
      </p>
    </div>
    <p class="slim-hero__lede">

>       SLIM is built for interactive agent workloads: low-latency, encrypted message

Reviewer 2: end-to-end encrypted message

          <svg viewBox="0 0 24 24" aria-hidden="true"><path d="M12 .5C5.73.5.5 5.73.5 12c0 5.08 3.29 9.39 7.86 10.91.58.11.79-.25.79-.56 0-.28-.01-1.02-.02-2-3.2.7-3.88-1.54-3.88-1.54-.53-1.34-1.29-1.7-1.29-1.7-1.05-.72.08-.71.08-.71 1.16.08 1.77 1.19 1.77 1.19 1.03 1.77 2.7 1.26 3.36.96.1-.75.4-1.26.73-1.55-2.55-.29-5.23-1.28-5.23-5.69 0-1.26.45-2.29 1.19-3.1-.12-.29-.52-1.46.11-3.05 0 0 .97-.31 3.18 1.18a11.1 11.1 0 0 1 5.8 0c2.2-1.49 3.17-1.18 3.17-1.18.63 1.59.23 2.76.11 3.05.74.81 1.19 1.84 1.19 3.1 0 4.42-2.69 5.39-5.25 5.68.41.36.78 1.06.78 2.14 0 1.55-.01 2.8-.01 3.18 0 .31.21.68.8.56A11.51 11.51 0 0 0 23.5 12C23.5 5.73 18.27.5 12 .5z"/></svg>
        </a>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</section>

</div>

<section class="slim-why">
  <h2 class="slim-section-title">Why Use SLIM</h2>
  <div class="slim-features">
    <div class="slim-feature-card">
      <div class="slim-feature-card__art">
        <img
          src="assets/slim-why-icons/send.svg"
          alt=""
          width="22"
          height="22"
          loading="lazy"
        />
      </div>
      <p class="slim-feature-card__title">Transport for Agent Protocols</p>
      <p class="slim-feature-card__text">

>         Carry A2A, MCP, SLIMRPC, and custom agent protocols over a single secure

Reviewer 2: We should add also OTel in this list while I am not sure we want so mention here SLIMRPC as it is our own implementation of RPC

      <p class="slim-feature-card__text">
        Message Layer Security (MLS) keeps payloads encrypted from source to
        destination, even when traffic traverses shared routing infrastructure.
      </p>
    </div>
    <div class="slim-feature-card">
      <div class="slim-feature-card__art">
        <img
          src="assets/slim-why-icons/network.svg"
          alt=""
          width="22"
          height="22"
          loading="lazy"
        />
      </div>
      <p class="slim-feature-card__title">Network-Topology Independence</p>
      <p class="slim-feature-card__text">
        Agents connect outbound to SLIM nodes and are reachable by hierarchical name—no
        inbound ports, VPNs, or NAT traversal required.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</section>

<div class="slim-landing">

<section class="slim-howto">
  <h2 class="slim-section-title">How SLIM Routes Messages</h2>
  <div class="slim-graph-wrap">
    <iframe
      class="slim-graph-frame"
      src="slim-graph/index.html"
      aria-label="Interactive SLIM message routing diagram"
      tabindex="-1"
      scrolling="no"
    ></iframe>
  </div>
</section>

> <section class="slim-quickstart">

Reviewer: For some reason this section is wider than the rest we need to align them because it looks really odd scrolling down the page.

              <span class="slimctl-terminal-control">&#8211;</span>
              <span class="slimctl-terminal-control slimctl-terminal-control-close">&#10005;</span>
            </div>
          </div>
          <pre
            class="slimctl-terminal-output"
            id="slimctl-terminal-output"
            aria-label="Terminal output"
          ></pre>
          <form class="slimctl-terminal-input" hidden>
            <label
              class="slimctl-terminal-prompt"
              for="slimctl-terminal-command"
            >user@slim:~$</label>
            <input
              id="slimctl-terminal-command"
              class="slimctl-terminal-command"
              type="text"
              autocomplete="off"
              spellcheck="false"
              aria-label="Enter a slimctl command"
            />
          </form>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="slimctl-terminal-side">
        <div class="slimctl-terminal-intro-group" id="slimctl-terminal-intros">
          <p class="slimctl-terminal-intro" data-intro-level="node" hidden>
            Start a local node, inspect connections, and add routes with slimctl. See the

>             <a href="slim/slim-howto.md">Quickstart guide</a> for installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Start a local node using the slimctl CLI. For other installation options see
            <a href="slim/slim-howto/#slim-node)">SLIM Node</a>
```

          </p>
          <p class="slimctl-terminal-intro" data-intro-level="message">
            Agents subscribe to named channels, publish encrypted payloads, and SLIM routes them
            across nodes.

>           </p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          <p class="slimctl-terminal-intro" data-intro-level="message">
            Use the SLIM language bindings to connect and send messages over SLIM. <Link to documentation about the bindings or https://github.com/agntcy/slim-bindings> 
          </p>
```

          <p class="slimctl-terminal-intro" data-intro-level="try" hidden>
            Use <code>slimctl --help</code> to explore commands. See the
            <a href="slim/slim-controller.md">SLIM Controller</a> docs for the full CLI reference.
          </p>
        </div>
        <div class="slimctl-terminal-actions">
          <button type="button" class="slimctl-terminal-btn is-active" data-demo-level="message">Send a Message</button>
          <button type="button" class="slimctl-terminal-btn" data-demo-level="node">Start Node</button>
          <button type="button" class="slimctl-terminal-btn" data-mode-switch="try">Try It Yourself</button>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </section>
</section>

</div>

<section class="slim-get-started" markdown="1">

> ## Get Started With SLIM {.slim-section-title}

Reviewer: Having `Quickstart` followed by `Get started with SLIM` feels a bit odd as they seem to be saying the same thing, and even worse we have a `Get Started` card inside. Perhaps `Explore SLIM` would be a better title.

>     [:octicons-arrow-right-24: LF press release](https://www.linuxfoundation.org/press/linux-foundation-welcomes-the-agntcy-project-to-standardize-open-multi-agent-system-infrastructure-and-break-down-ai-agent-silos)

Reviewer: Can we separate this from the cards for example as a separate section like https://agentgateway.dev/ has for Agentic AI Foundation ?

</div>

> </section>

Reviewer: I can't find it right now, but the page footer with the copyright feels pretty out of place. To close the to bottom and not aligned with the titles in the page etc. Can we clean that up? Maybe center the text, create a different background colour and maybe even reword it like `© 2026, Agntcy, a Series of LF Projects, LLC. All rights reserved.`. I like the way it looks on the Agent Gateway site.
